تمت الترجمه في شركة سدين لخدمات الانترنيت
Ross Allen, the famous star of countless wildlife
adventure movies, is going to show us on "Guided
Tour" today how he keeps the Ross Allen Reptile
Institute down in Florida's Silver Springs
well-stocked with animals and reptiles. And
a lesson in how he captures dangerous alligators
with his bare hands. They're cruising along
the Silver River keeping a sharp lookout for
the elusive gators. Ross has spotted a big
8 foot alligator in the water and over the side.
One snap of a gator's massive jaws or
even a well-directed flip of its heavy tail
is enough to kill a man. Allen is one of the
few men in the world who dare [lay] right
in their own element. Not many men would come
to grips unarmed and underwater with a 200
pound monster like this one. Ross has had
a lot of experience though. And he's never
yet lost a fight with an alligator. As he
puts it, you only lose a contest with them
once. And he's learned never to underestimate
the strength and speed of the big gators.
Ross is beginning to get this monster under
control. And in just a few seconds he'll have
another fascinating exhibit for the Ross Allen
Reptile Institute. The wildlife expert travels
all over the world to capture the animals
he has on display at Florida's Silver Springs.
But he stalks many of them in the Florida
swamps and jungles too. Thousands of visitors
every day will see the alligator in its new
home in the Ross Allen Reptile Institute at
Florida's Silver Springs along with a [lot]
of other large and small gators on display here.
The Ross Allen Reptile Institute is
a fascinating attraction and the only one
of its kind and size in the world. Let's follow
these visitors on their tour of a real Seminole
Indian village, right on the grounds of the
Institute. These Seminoles, native to Florida,
left the Everglades in 1935 to make their
home at Florida's Silver Springs--living,
working and playing just as their people have
for centuries. Even their colorful costumes,
hand-made by the women of the tribe, remain
unchanged. The Seminole women in the indian
village at Ross Allen's Reptile Institute
are colorfully costumed and they enjoy posing
for visitors' cameras. Many of their intricate
dresses are made up of more than 2000 pieces
of cloth. And the long-skirted garments are
ideally suited to the Florida jungles in which
they live. The women busy themselves with
cooking, weaving, sewing and doll-making in
the typical Seminole huts which are
open for visitors' inspection.
Grinding corn with a mortar and
pestle is hard work but the young girls of
the tribe learn to perform this chore and
many others at an early age. Corn meal is
one of the staples of the Seminole diet. And
the indians have milled their grain in this
primitive fashion for centuries. Francis Osceola
is one of the residents of the indian village
at Ross Allen's Reptile Institute. Here he
demonstrates, as he does for visitors to the
village, how the indians wrestle and subdue
alligators deep in the Everglades. Once the
alligator is wrestled onto its back, it can
actually be lulled to sleep by gentle
strokes on its stomach.
It takes only a few sharp
grunts and a gentle poke to bring the gator
completely back to its senses, full of fight
and ready to go. The littlest Seminole in
the village is a 5-day old infant, posing
here with his mother, Alice Osceola, and Ross
Allen. Ross is more accustomed to handling
wild animals and fighting reptiles than fragile
bundles like this but he's doing his best.
One of the lecturers at Ross Allen's Reptile
Institute seems to be having some trouble
with a heckler in the audience as he attempts
to describe the fine points of a Boa Constrictor.
Well, there's only one way to handle a situation
like this. And that is to make the heckler
a part of the act. Seventeen year old Linda
Kennedy, a University of Georgia student,
goes along with the gag and tries the Boa
Constrictor on for size. That'll teach her
to interfere with a reptile lecture. The Institute,
believe it or not, does a brisk trade in selling
snakes of all kinds and sizes to visitors.
This prospective customer, carefully watched
by his sister, is looking over everything
available before making a decision.
It was a difficult choice for a true reptile fancier
but the youngster finally decided on the Eastern
Hog-Nosed Snake and rejected the Indigo Snake.
It's hard to tell whether his selection meets
with his sister's approval or not but it's
easy to see the Reptile Institute has one
more satisfied customer.
The grounds of Ross Allen's Reptile Institute
are filled with unusual and colorful subjects
for visitors' cameras, like these stately
pink flamingoes in their natural setting.
It's time for another jungle adventure. And
another lesson for young Tom Allen, as Ross
prepares to turn a 20 foot South American
Anaconda loose in the waters of Silver Springs,
just to see how long it takes him to recapture
it. Rita Starling, a member of the Institute
staff, is an interested and somewhat apprehensive
observer. When they let the big snake out
of the burlap sack, she won't have much room
to get out of the way. Helping to untie the
sack, Tom Allen snags his hand on one of the
snake's teeth, right through the burlap. It's
only a scratch, though, as the anaconda isn't
a poisonous snake so Ross allows the youngster
to continue with the demonstration.
Just look at the size of that monster!
Heading away from the boat and
straight for the Guided Tour cameras,
the big Anaconda makes a spectacular
sight swimming through the crystal clear Silver
Springs waters. Ross is right behind the reptile
though. And he begins to work his way up to
the snake's head while Tom stands by.
Now the action really begins as Ross and the enormous
constrictor fight it out on the floor of the
springs. These are some of the most unusual
and exciting films ever made of Ross Allen
in one of the most thrilling episodes of his
adventurous life. While the Anaconda is a
non-poisonous snake, it effectively disposes
of its prey with a constrictive tightening
of its massive coils. In this struggle the
Anaconda frequently succeeds in getting one
or more coils around Ross Allen. The average
15-year old high school student would much
rather tackle his algebra and Latin texts
than a 120 pound Anaconda. But not Tom Allen.
He was raised by his famous father to have
plenty of respect but no fear at all for the
wild animals and reptiles that are the family
business. When it comes time for Tom to take
a hand with the big constrictor, he pitches
in with a will and showed that he's learned
his lessons well.
When it begins to look as though things may
be getting out of hand, with the Anaconda
securing 2 coils around Tom's legs, Ross swims
in to the rescue. A thoroughly subdued Anaconda
is returned to its sack by the father and
son team after a spine-tingling demonstration
here at Florida's Silver Springs.
Completely unharmed by the
underwater exercise, the Anaconda
is returned to the Reptile Institute area
and turned loose so that handlers can replace
the big reptile in its exhibition enclosure.
In the rattlesnake enclosure at the Reptile
Institute, where lecture demonstrations are
given every hour, Ross persuades some Eastern
Diamondbacks to strike at toy balloons, displaying
their lightning like speed. These poisonous
reptiles are every bit as dangerous as they
look. And while Ross may appear to be somewhat
incautiously strolling among them, he's actually
alert for the slightest movement by any of
the snakes around him. This little wriggler
may look harmless enough, he's only several
inches long, but it's a deadly Eastern Coral
Snake, one of the most poisonous found in
this country. The brightly colored Coral Snake,
like most venomous reptiles, will seldom strike
at a human unless provoked. And this one
appears to be provoked enough right now.
Holding one of the Diamondback Rattlesnakes up for
inspection, Ross Allen exhibits the buttons
or rattles on the snake's tail. This end of
the snake makes all the noise and fuss,
Ross says, but it's the other end
you have to watch out for.
The bulky boots worn by Ross Allen and other
lecturers at his Reptile Institute are tough
enough to deflect the fangs of a striking
rattlesnake. And they extend above the usual
height to which a rattler will reach.
Here in slow motion, Ross tempts some of the reptiles
into striking at his boot. Even the slow
motion camera, though, can't take all the
speed out of a fast-moving rattlesnake's action.
Rattlesnake milking, or venom extraction,
is one of the unusual demonstrations given
every hour at the Reptile Institute. The lecturer
secures a firm hold on the snake before placing
its fangs on the receptacle used to catch
the venom. All of the venom collected at Ross
Allen's Reptile Institute is sold to laboratories
where it is used for research and for the
manufacture of antivenins used in
the treatment of snake bite.
A visit to Ross Allen's Reptile
Institute at Florida's
Silver Springs is an exciting
adventure that can be enjoyed from the
safe side of protective enclosures, while
Ross Allen and his staff provide added thrills
as they move expertly about
among the deadly exhibits.
Visitors to Ross Allen's Reptile
Institute at Florida's Silver Springs may
also enjoy several other attractions at this
fabulous central Florida resort on State Highway
40. The exciting Jungle Cruise speedboat ride
is a 5 mile trip along the Silver River through
dense jungle growth and beautifully landscaped
banks. Climaxing the ride is a visit with
a colony of wild monkeys, introduced into
the Florida jungle as an experiment many years ago.
The famous glass-bottomed boats
of Florida's Silver Springs
move up and down the Silver River, circling
the giant springs and giving thousands of
visitors the thrill of a lifetime as they
look into the crystal clear depths beneath
them. Schools of catfish and other varieties
of marine life are seen as well as the remains
of prehistoric mastodons, sunken gardens and
weird underwater phenomena.
Tommy Bartlett's International Deer Ranch
on the spacious grounds of the Springs features
150 tame animals from 18 foreign countries.
Here visitors stroll about among fleet-footed
creatures from all parts of the world, feeding
and petting them freely. The attraction is
unique among animal exhibits and is popular
with children and grown-ups alike.
The world's largest combined collection of horse-drawn
carriages and antique and classic cars turns
back the hands of time for visitors to the
Carriage Cavalcade and Auto Fair at the Springs.
Cars powered by electricity, steam and several
varieties of gasoline engines are on display
in this fascinating exhibit. All of them
restored to perfect running condition.
The Prince of Peace Memorial is one the newest
attractions at the Springs. The series of beautifully
hand-carved scenes, in three dimensions and
natural color, representing the life work
of sculptor-artist Paul Cunningham, depict
the life of Christ. Each of several scenes
from the New Testament on display is housed
in a uniquely attractive chapel, with special
lighting effects and appropriate music.
And when you've seen all these things at Florida's
Silver Springs, there is still the bathing
beach to be visited for a refreshing dip in
the wonderfully clear water. The pure white
sand beach dotted with shady palm trees and
the year-round 72 degree temperature of the
spring-fed water makes it an ideal place for
the whole family to enjoy an outing. And you
never know when you'll find a movie crew at
work here, filming underwater scenes, or a
colorful water ballet troupe rehearsing for
a performance.
Yes, Ross Allen's Reptile Institute
and all the other attractions at Florida's
Silver Springs provide an exciting and unusual
place to spend a holiday. As you have seen
on "Guided Tour".